Edge/cie 3492 documentation to handle UI development (#450)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge/configuration-bundle/developing-an-application.md

---
weight: 85

> title: Developing applications

Author: Done

> title: Developing Cumulocity web applications

Reviewer: Cumulocity > Cumulocity IoT, also below

> title: Developing Cumulocity web applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Developing Cumulocity IoT web applications
```

layout: redirect
---

> If you are developing an application for the Edge appliance using a self-signed certificate, the self-signed certificate must be trusted by Node.js.

Author: Done

> To add the Edge appliance's self-signed certificate to the Node.js trust store, set the value of the environment variable `NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS` to the path of the certificate on your host machine. For example:

Author: Done

For example:

On Windows Powershell

```shell
$env:NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=<path-to-the-certificagte>\certificate.pem;
```

On Windows command prompt

```shell
set NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=<path-to-the-certificagte>\certificate.pem
```

On Linux platforms

```shell
export NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS=<path-to-the-certificagte>/certificate.pem
```

>  For more information about the Cumulocity web application development, see [web SDK guide](/web/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For more information on  the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} web application development, see the [Web SDK guide](/web/overview/).
```
